---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-18T00:33:18.604Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-18T00:32:55.121Z'
title: short bio
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-18-short-bio.md
published: true
url: short-bio/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
short bio

A Short Autobiography:  Born on the third floor of the Alva (Oklahoma) General Hospital (my birthplace is now a museum!) Date: November of 1949\. Father Albert was just back from the occupation army of northern Italy, raised on a farm on the Oklahoma/Kansas state line fifteen miles west of Hardtner, Kansas, where the Salt Fork of the Arkansas crosses the state boundary. Mother Elizabeth was from a farm family a few miles south of Dacoma, Oklahoma.  First memories of growing up were in Buffalo, Oklahoma where my father owned a jewelry store and watch repair service. My best friend was my babysitter next door, Cheryl Duble, a high school student. One day my mom's father arrived with a big truck. Soon we were on the road to Borger, Texas. I never got to say goodby to Cheryl. Spent the next seven years there before moving to Alva. They placed me in the 8th/9th grades since I had already had several of the 8th grade classes in Texas. I didn't belong to either grade but was friends with people in both grades. Graduated high school, continued schooling at Northwestern Oklahoma State University in the same town. Lived at home. Met my future wife Elsie in band. Elsie graduated a year before me and we married at the Deer Creek Mennonite Church. Her father and uncle owned a machine shop where they did general repairs on farm equipment. I graduated with a teaching degree in English but could not find a position. Followed my wife to Downs, Kansas where she taught home economics while I drove a school bus, worked for a farmer, and found a job building "pork palaces," a type of mobile building for raising hogs. Found a teaching gig at Lucas, Kansas, the home of the "Garden of Eden." Lasted one year. Moved to Lawrence, Kansas to go to graduate school at KU in Radio/TV/Film. Left without a degree. I had all my work done except for a thesis. By then we had two boys, Kelly and Kerry, and I needed a job. I figured I could finish the thesis in the five years allowed. Never did get around to it. Worked for a couple of insurance companies then found a job in Arkansas City, Kansas, where my mom and dad had moved to. I was an AV Technician for the local community college. After a few years I switched to the local public school system, doing about the same thing. Many years later a new superintendent eliminated my job (along with a bunch of others) and I was unemployed. Worked at a much lower pay scale as a computer lab monitor at the middle school while I got my teaching degree re-certified. Taught three years in South Haven, Kansas. While there I drove on weekends to Emporia, Kansas and completed a MLS degree in Information Science. I applied for a computer tech position at Dodge City but they needed a certified teacher to take over a wood shop class whose teacher had left the area suddenly. I was totally unqualified for  that position but by following the other shop teacher around the first period I was able to fake it. Taught a technology class, English classes and ended up when the new high school building opened teaching what was called "broadcasting." We had a TV studio, MacIntosh computers, and a lot of fun. Had a class in basic video production, history of radio and TV, and for the seniors a class called "The Art of Film." Watched a lot of classic movies while they worked on producing one themselves. At age 62 I decided to retire, moved with Elsie to Ponca City, Oklahoma. My sisters and brother and her sisters live in communities nearby. Bought a foreclosed house and spent a fortune fixing it up with geothermal heating and cooling and solar panels. Found a part-time job at the local public library where I get to use my masters degree in library science to earn minimum wage. 

Sons Kelly and Kerry have successful careers: Kelly worked for Google for a while but now works for a new startup, Bulogics in Philadelphia. Kerry is married with two kids, Morgan and Anna, and is a chemical engineer for Dupont in St. Louis, specializing in soybeans. Elsie retired from teaching gifted and special ed to follow her passion, quilting. She's won several awards and travels the world (Spain, Brazil, USA) teaching quiltmaking. To be continued . . . .

****